Tutorial tweaks (#93)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: docs/tutorials/hello-world.md

A `Wallet` also needs at least one other component to function properly, its [`Database`][Database]: it will be used as a *cache* to store the list of transactions synchronized with the blockchain, the UTXOs, the addresses generated, and a few other things. It's important to note that the `Database` will never store any secret. Securely storing keys is explicitly left to the user of the library to implement, mainly because there isn't really one good way to do it, that would work reliably on every platform. On
mobile devices, for instance, the OS' keychain could be used, to allow unlocking the secrets with the use of biometric data (FaceID or fingerprint), while on desktop platform there isn't generally a similar framework available and the user would have to implement something that meets their needs. It's not excluded that in the future we could provide a "reference implementation" of secure multi-platform storage for keys, but that would very likely be released as a separate module outside of the `Wallet` structure, or potentially even as a separate library that could be reused for other applications as well.

> Going back to our `Wallet`: given a descriptor and a `Database` we can build an "air-gapped" or "Offline" wallet. Basically, we can make a wallet that physically can't to connect to the Bitcoin network. It will still be able to generate addresses and sign [PSBTs][PSBT], but with a greatly reduced attack surface because a sizable part of the code that handles the logic to synchronize with the network would be entirely omitted in the final executable binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going back to our `Wallet`: given a descriptor and a `Database` we can build an "air-gapped" or "Offline" wallet. Basically, we can make a wallet that physically can't connect to the Bitcoin network. It will still be able to generate addresses and sign [PSBTs][PSBT], but with a greatly reduced attack surface because a sizable part of the code that handles the logic to synchronize with the network would be entirely omitted in the final executable binary.
```

> To fix this we can add one more component to our `Wallet`: a [`Blockchain`][Blockchain] backend. In particular, we are going to use the [`ElectrumBlockchain`][ElectrumBlockchain] which syncs with an `Electrum` server,

Reviewer: This line needs to be changed into something like this.

```suggestion
To fix this we can add one more component in our code: a [`Blockchain`][Blockchain] backend. In particular, we are going to use the [`ElectrumBlockchain`][ElectrumBlockchain] which syncs with an `Electrum` server. And use this blockchain to `sync` our wallet database with current state of the network.
```

// ...

    let client = Client::new("ssl://electrum.blockstream.info:60002")?;
    let blockchain = ElectrumBlockchain::from(client);

>         

Reviewer: Remove extra new line..

```

Specifically here, we create an `ElectrumBlockchain` and connect to Blockstream's public Electrum Testnet servers over SSL.

> Now, since we are running in the `Testnet` network, we can try to get some funds from a faucet online to this address we've generated. Once we have an incoming transaction we can do the first `sync` of our *online* wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, since we are running in the `Testnet` network, we can try to get some funds from a faucet online to this address we've generated. Once we have an incoming transaction we can do the first `sync` of our wallet.
```

to allow the user to call that function only at the right time.

```rust
use bdk::SyncOptions;

// ...

wallet.sync(&blockchain, SyncOptions::default())?;
```

> This will make queries to the Electrum server and store the list of transactions and UTXOs in our `Database`. In this case, we are using a `MemoryDatabase`, so those data are only going to be kept in RAM and dropped once our `Wallet` is dropped. This is very useful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SyncOptions` determines some sync time behaviors, like progress update, etc. For this case the `default` sync option with no progress update is adequate. This will make queries to the Electrum server and store the list of transactions and UTXOs in our `Database`. In this case, we are using a `MemoryDatabase`, so those data are only going to be kept in RAM and dropped once our `Wallet` is dropped. This is very useful
```

## Custom Database and Blockchain types

> We briefly mentioned before that for our example we used the `MemoryDatabase`, but that it could also be swapped for a different one: this is one example of the *modularity* of BDK. By default, some database types are already implemented in the library, namely the `MemoryDatabase` which only keeps data in RAM, the [sled][sled] database that can store data on a filesystem, and the `SqliteDatabase`[rusqlite] that can store data into a SQLite database. But since the `Database` trait is public, users of the library can also implement different database types more suitable for their use-case.

Reviewer: The `rusqlite` link is missing..

Author: The rusqlite link misbehaved for me. Don't have time to fix the link. So, I removed the link.

## Custom Database and Blockchain types

> We briefly mentioned before that for our example we used the `MemoryDatabase`, but that it could also be swapped for a different one: this is one example of the *modularity* of BDK. By default, some database types are implemented in the library, namely (as of now) the `MemoryDatabase` which only keeps data in RAM and the [sled][sled] database that can store data on a filesystem. But since the `Database` trait is public, users of the library can also implement different database types more suitable for their use-case.

Reviewer: Add `[rusqlite]: https://docs.rs/rusqlite/latest/rusqlite/` after line 193.

```suggestion
We briefly mentioned before that for our example we used the `MemoryDatabase`, but that it could also be swapped for a different one: this is one example of the *modularity* of BDK. By default, some database types are already implemented in the library, namely the `MemoryDatabase` which only keeps data in RAM, the [sled][sled] database that can store data on a filesystem, and the `SqliteDatabase`[rusqlite] that can store data into a SQLite database. But since the `Database` trait is public, users of the library can also implement different database types more suitable for their use-case.
```

> The same is true for the `Blockchain` types: the library provides (through the use of opt-in features) implementations for the `Electrum`, `Esplora` and `CompactFilters` (*Neutrino*) backends. Those again can also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same is true for the `Blockchain` types: the library provides (through the use of opt-in features) implementations for the `Electrum`, `Esplora`, `CompactFilters` (*Neutrino*) and Bitcoin Core `rpc` backends. Those again can also be
```
